Fix react-admin requires custom routers to be data routers (#9723)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/Upgrade.md

}
```

## `warnWhenUnsavedChanges` Changes

The `warnWhenUnsavedChanges` feature is a little more restrictive than before:

- It will open a confirmation dialog (and block the navigation) if a navigation is fired when the form is currently submitting (submission will continue in the background).
- [Due to browser constraints](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38879742/is-it-possible-to-display-a-custom-message-in-the-beforeunload-popup), the message displayed in the confirmation dialog when closing the browser's tab cannot be customized (it is managed by the browser).

This behavior allows to prevent unwanted data loss in more situations. No changes are required in the code.

The `warnWhenUnsavedChanges` requires a Data Router (a new type of router from react-router) to work. React-admin uses such a data router by default, so the feature works out of the box in v5. 

> However, if you use a [custom router](./Routing.md#using-a-custom-router) and the `warnWhenUnsavedChanges` prop, the "warn when unsaved change"s feature will be disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you use a [custom router](./Routing.md#using-a-custom-router) and the `warnWhenUnsavedChanges` prop, the "warn when unsaved changes" feature will be disabled.
```

?
